Release: decK 1.28 (#6420)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/deck/reference/deck_file_add-plugins.md

deck file add-plugins [command-specific flags] [global flags] [...plugin-files]
```

## Examples

```

> # adds 2 plugins to all services in a deck file, except if they are already present

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# adds 2 plugins to all services in a deck file, unless they are already present
```
